Clarify attribution of Statements in SCITT architecture (#424)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

Running multiple, independent Transparency Services provides different organizations to represent consistent or divergent opinions.
It is the role of the relying party to decide which Transparency Services and Issuers they choose to trust for their scenario.

> In both cases, the SCITT architecture provides generic, universally-verifiable cryptographic proofs to individually attribute Statements to Issuers or the Transparency Service.

Author: ```suggestion
In both cases, the SCITT architecture provides generic, universally-verifiable cryptographic proofs to hold Issuers or Transparency Services accountable.
```
